When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

a) when you want to use multiple computers to work on your project
b) when other people also work on the project with you
c) possibly when you have large files and don't want to keep it all on your hard drive
d) just as a back-up
e) when you want to easily show other people
f) as an extention of that last, when you are looking for other people to work on the same project

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?:

mostly for the reasons mentioned above. other reasons: what if some of the files/updates 
are private, but your security is poor on the computer you're working on (say, at the library),
or you're working on someone else's computer. you don't want others to be able to access that stuff.

possibly (although unlikely) there are over-write issues.

and, of course, if you're working on a project with others, you may well not NEED to have a
number of the files that would get pulled if it happened automatically. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

a branch is a part of a repository, which labels a section of (related, chronologically ordered)
commits so that you can access them later. 

in contrast, clones and forks both duplicate entire repositories. clones either copy 
repositories from a remote repository on Git Hub to your computer, or they can also 
copy a repository from one part of a hard drive to another.

Forking is a Git Hub specific process where the repository is copied from one person's 
profile to another's. 

branching is used when different tasks need to be done to the same files in a commit, 
often while leaving a working version. So, when any experimental changes need to be made,
when a new feature needs to be implemented, or when two people need to work on a single file
at the same time. this can be done on different computers via cloning.

Cloning is used to access a GitHub repository on a computer, by a user who has been given permission.
tbh I have no idea what the use of cloning a repo onto the same computer would be. 
I don't even know how separate that would be. presumably they'd both be able to push 
to the same git hub repo, as well.

Forking allows a GitHub user to make changes to another user's repository without 
altering the original. An obvious use of this is in open source projects, in which
anyone can fork the repo and alter or improve the software themselves, and not affect
the main project.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

a)you can work on it/compare it/merge with it while offline






